.github/prompts/playwright.prompt.md, before:

---
mode: agent
description: 'Use playwright to _see_ the code changes you have made'
tools: ['codebase', 'usages', 'vscodeAPI', 'problems', 'changes', 'testFailure', 'openSimpleBrowser', 'fetch', 'findTestFiles', 'searchResults', 'githubRepo', 'todos', 'runTests', 'editFiles', 'runNotebooks', 'search', 'new', 'runCommands', 'runTasks', 'browser_click', 'browser_close', 'browser_console_messages', 'browser_drag', 'browser_evaluate', 'browser_file_upload', 'browser_handle_dialog', 'browser_hover', 'browser_network_requests', 'browser_press_key', 'browser_resize', 'browser_select_option', 'browser_snapshot', 'browser_tab_close', 'browser_tab_list', 'browser_tab_new', 'browser_tab_select', 'browser_take_screenshot', 'browser_type', 'browser_wait_for', 'get_commit', 'get_discussion', 'get_discussion_comments', 'get_issue', 'get_issue_comments']
---
For every UI change you make, verify the result interactively using vscode-playwright-mcp. Use Playwright to open the relevant UI, perform the change, and take screenshots to visually confirm the update. This ensures that every modification is visible, correct, and meets the intended requirements.

Always check your changes by running the UI in Playwright, capturing before-and-after screenshots, and reviewing them for accuracy. This approach helps catch regressions, improves reliability, and provides clear evidence of the effect of your work.

NOTE: When you use a playwright tool, it will automatically open a VS Code dev build so just assume that one will be opened for you. You do not need to open a dev build yourself.

In addition to visual verification, follow best practices for writing robust, maintainable, and extendable code. Ensure all user-facing messages are localized, use consistent naming and indentation, and prefer async/await for asynchronous operations. Write and update relevant tests, clean up temporary files, and adhere to project coding guidelines for quality and consistency.

If the task is unreasonable or infeasible, or if any of the tests are incorrect, please tell the user. The solution should be robust, maintainable, and extendable.

Tips for navigating VS Code:
* When running a command in the command palette, the line needs to start with `>`
* For Quick Pick bugs, you may need to temporarily modify an existing quick pick to see the issue.

Commit message:

add a start to improve model behavior & rewrite prompt file

.github/prompts/playwright.prompt.md, after:

---
mode: agent
description: 'Use playwright & automation tools to _see_ the code changes you have made'
tools: ['codebase', 'usages', 'vscodeAPI', 'problems', 'changes', 'testFailure', 'openSimpleBrowser', 'fetch', 'findTestFiles', 'searchResults', 'githubRepo', 'todos', 'runTests', 'editFiles', 'runNotebooks', 'search', 'new', 'runCommands', 'runTasks', 'vscode-playwright-mcp', 'get_commit', 'get_discussion', 'get_discussion_comments', 'get_issue', 'get_issue_comments']
---
You are being requested to visually confirm the code changes you are making using vscode-playwright-mcp.

You MUST run vscode_automation_start & browser_snapshot.
You MUST verify the bad behavior you are investigating using vscode-playwright-mcp.
You MUST verify the code changes you have made using vscode-playwright-mcp.
You MUST take before and after screenshots.
Remember, you are NOT writing playwright tests; instead, focus on using the tools to validate and explore the changes.
You MAY need to make multiple passes, iterating between making code changes and verifying them with the tools.
You MUST reload the window (`Developer: Reload Window` command) after making changes to ensure they are applied correctly.
You MAY make temporary changes to the code to facilitate testing and exploration. For example, using the quick pick in the Configure Display Language action as a scratch pad to add buttons to it.
